splash water
{
	smallclass		WaterSplash
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/drip

	baseclass		WaterSplashBase
	chunkclass		WaterSplash
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
}

splash rock
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/rock
	NoAlert
}

splash hard
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/hard
	NoAlert
}

splash metal
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/metal
	NoAlert
}

splash tile
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/tile
	NoAlert
}

splash carpet
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/carpet
	NoAlert
}

splash wood
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/wood
	NoAlert
}

splash dirt
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/dirt
	NoAlert
}

terrain water
{
    splash          water
	footclip	    6
}

terrain rock
{
	splash			rock
	footclip		0
}

terrain hard
{
	splash			hard
	footclip		0
}

terrain metal
{
	splash			metal
	footclip		0
}

terrain tile
{
	splash			tile
	footclip		0
}

terrain carpet
{
	splash			carpet
	footclip		0
}

terrain wood
{
	splash			wood
	footclip		0	
}

terrain dirt
{
  splash      dirt
  footclip    0
}

ifdoom
floor FWATER1  water
floor FWATER2  water
floor FWATER3  water
floor FWATER4  water
floor QWATER   water

floor FLAT10   rock
floor FLAT5_4  rock
floor MFLR8_1  rock
floor MFLR8_4  rock
floor MOONROCK rock
floor RROCK09  rock
floor SOIL     rock
floor TANROCK5 rock
floor FLAT1    rock
floor GRYMS    rock

floor CEIL5_1  hard
floor CEIL5_2  hard
floor FLAT18   hard
floor FLAT19   hard
floor FLOOR0_3 hard
floor FLOOR0_1 hard
floor NFBRWN02 hard
floor COMP01   hard
floor NFBRGN01 hard
floor FLAT3    hard
floor FLOOR0_5 hard
floor FLOOR7_1 hard
floor FLOOR8_7 hard
floor STRIP    hard
floor NFMTSQ01 hard
floor NFMTSQ02 hard
floor NFLATSEX hard
floor FLAT9    hard
floor FLAT1    hard
floor NFBRWN01 hard
floor NFBRWN02 hard
floor F_R_FLAT hard
floor BLUFLAT  hard
floor NFGSTN01 hard
floor GATE3    hard
floor GATE7    hard
floor TLITE6_5 hard
floor TLITE6_7 hard
floor FLAT5_9  hard
floor F_R_FLAT hard
floor N_WARN01 hard
floor N_GRAY58 hard
floor DOORRED  hard
floor DOORBLU  hard
floor N_STNE19 hard
floor RFLAT66  hard
floor RFLAT61  hard
floor RCONC4   hard
floor RMETL99  hard
floor RFLAT66  hard
floor RFLAT65  hard

floor SHAWN2   metal
floor DOORSTOP metal
floor STEP1    metal
floor FLOOR4_8 metal
floor FLOOR5_1 metal
floor CONS1_1  metal
floor CONS1_5  metal
floor NFSTGY12 metal
floor NFSTBN12 metal
floor NFSTTN12 metal
floor STEPS1   metal
floor STEPS2   metal
floor STEPS3   metal
floor STEPS4   metal
floor FLAT23   metal
floor SHAWN9   metal
floor FLAT21   metal
floor FLAT22   metal
floor N_MTTK63 metal
floor N_TKGN25 metal
floor N_TKGR25 metal
floor NWALL045 metal
floor N_DRST02 metal
floor N_MTSP3D metal
floor SLIME14  metal
floor RMETL37  metal
floor RMETL101 metal
floor RFLAT142 metal
floor RFLAT143 metal
floor N_MTSP3E metal
floor N_MTSP3F metal
floor Q2FROF08 metal
floor Q2FMET12 metal
floor FLR1_3_  metal
floor N_MTST04 metal
floor DMDADLNB metal
floor BOX1F    metal
floor J-FLAT2  metal
floor Q2FFLR02 metal
floor ML       metal

floor FLAT20   tile
floor FLOOR4_6 tile
floor FLOOR5_3 tile
floor FLOOR5_2 tile
floor RFLAT162 tile
floor RFLAT88  tile

floor F_R_ROCK carpet
floor F_B_ROCK carpet
floor F_R_COMP carpet
floor F_B_COMP carpet
floor F_W_COMP carpet
floor F_W_UAC2 carpet
floor FLOOR1_1 carpet
floor FLOOR1_2 carpet
floor FLAT14   carpet
floor FLAT15   carpet
floor FLOOR1Y1 carpet
floor FLAT14-Y carpet
floor F_R_UAC1 carpet
floor F_B_UAC1 carpet
floor COMPBLUE carpet
floor N_CRED01 carpet

floor CRATOP1  wood
floor CRATOP2  wood
floor CRATOP4  wood
floor CRATOP9  wood
floor TLITE6_1 wood
floor COMP01   wood
floor NFCSPN01 wood
floor NFCSPN02 wood
floor NFCSPN04 wood
floor FLOOR4_6 wood
floor N_CSPN02 wood
floor N_CSPN03 wood
floor NFLTR04H wood
floor NFLTB04H wood
floor RFLAT172 wood

floor GRASS1   dirt
floor GRASS2   dirt
floor GRASS3   dirt
floor GRASS1_2 dirt
floor GRASS1_3 dirt
endif
